LDMud-extensions is a collection of unofficial patches/extensions/packages for
LDMud (an LPC Gamedriver).

It is planned for contributions we are not yet sure about popularity or impact
on the rest of the driver source. This can also be patches from/for specific
muds or some ideas users want to play with, so that not everybody has to
re-invent the wheel.

The idea is that everybody can fork (clone) this repository and work on it
(add patches, improve or test them, write tests for our testsuite or
 documentation etc). Then we either pull in changes of the others or give
people we know for a longer time write-access to this repository. This might
help us to share some work in developing new optional packages and after some
time they might migrate into the LDMud sources, depending on popularity,
complexity, maturity etc.
But we think, even patches written for specific Muds which might never be
included in the official sources, may be of help to other users.

Therefore we ask all LDMud users who have own patches for LDMud and think,
that they may be of interest or help to somebody else, to contribute them
here. Just clone/fork this repository, add your patches to a subdirectory
(preferably with some sort of readme) and ask us to pull.

Disclaimer
==========
Although this repository is hosted and organized by the maintainers of LDMud,
please keep in mind: these patches may be only cursorily tested or even not at
all. If they are tested, this is done by their contributors and their users.
They may work with your specific version/release of LDMud or they may not.
They may introduce instabilities, crashes or weird behaviour to LDMud.

We (the maintainers of LDMud) usually can’t offer support for these packages
here and will probably have no time to debug crashes in LDMud if patched with
the patches contained here.

Therefore: USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

License issues
==============
The repository does not enforce a specific license. Each patch may have their
own license/conditions depending on the contributors / copyright holders – as
long as it is an open source license as defined by the Open Source Initiative
(for a closes source license, this repo would not make sense…). For a list of
candidates, go to: http://www.opensource.org/licenses

However, if a patch should ever be included in the official driver, it is
required to be licensed under the 2-clause BSD license as given in
COPYING.template. Therefore we strongly encourage contributors to use this
license for all patches contributed here.

